Add documentation of data logs and the data log tool (#1741)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/telemetry/datalog.rst

Structure of Data Logs
----------------------

Similar to NetworkTables, data logs have the concept of entries with string identifiers (keys) with a specified data type.  Unlike NetworkTables, the data type cannot be changed after the entry is created, and entries also have metadata--an arbitrary (but typically JSON) string that can be used to convey additional information about the entry such as the data source or data schema.  Also unlike NetworkTables, data log operation is unidirectional--the ``DataLog`` class can only write data logs (it does not support read-back of written values) and the ``DataLogReader`` class can only read data logs (it does not support changing values in the data log).

Data logs consist of a series of timestamped records.  Control records allow starting, finishing, or changing the metadata of entries, and data records record data value changes.

.. note: For more information on the details of the data log file format, see the `WPILib Data Log File Format Specification <https://github.com/wpilibsuite/allwpilib/blob/main/wpiutil/doc/datalog.adoc>`__.

Standard Data Logging using DataLogManager
------------------------------------------

> The ``DataLogManager`` class (`Java <https://first.wpi.edu/wpilib/allwpilib/docs/release/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/DataLogManager.html>`__, `C++ <https://first.wpi.edu/wpilib/allwpilib/docs/release/cpp/classfrc_1_1_data_log_manager.html>`__) provides a centralized data log that provides automatic data log file management.  It automatically cleans up old files when disk space is low and renames the file based either on current date/time or (if available) competition match number.  The deta file will be saved to a USB flash drive if one is attached, or to ``/home/lvuser`` otherwise.

Reviewer: Should we say a fat32 formatted flash drive?

Reviewer 2: Does exfat not also work?

Reviewer: I was primarily meaning to exclude NTFS. I haven't tried exfat

Reviewer: It appears that exfat doesn't get mounted

Author: Added a note box regarding USB flash drive formatting requirements.

Log files are initially named ``FRC_TBD_{random}.wpilog`` until the DS connects.  After the DS connects, the log file is renamed to ``FRC_yyyyMMdd_HHmmss.wpilog`` (where the date/time is UTC).  If the FMS is connected and provides a match number, the log file is renamed to ``FRC_yyyyMMdd_HHmmss_{event}_{match}.wpilog``.

> On startup, all existing ``FRC_TBD`` log files are deleted.  If there is less than 50 MB of free space on the target storage, ``FRC_`` log files are deleted (oldest to newest) until there is 50 MB free OR there are 10 files remaining.

Reviewer 2: This is slightly confusing? Perhaps rewording this sentence to 
```suggestion
On startup, all existing log files where a DS has not been connected will be deleted.  If there is less than 50 MB of free space on the target storage, ``FRC_`` log files are deleted (oldest to newest) until there is 50 MB free OR there are 10 files remaining.
```

        // Starts recording to data log
        DataLogManager.start();

        // Record both DS control and joystick data
        DriverStation.startDataLog(DataLogManager.getLog());

        // (alternatively) Record only DS control data
        DriverStation.startDataLog(DataLogManager.getLog(), false);

    .. code-tab:: c++

        #include "frc/DataLogManager.h"
        #include "frc/DriverStation.h"

        // Starts recording to data log
        frc::DataLogManager::Start();

        // Record both DS control and joystick data
        DriverStation::StartDataLog(DataLogManager::GetLog());

        // (alternatively) Record only DS control data
        DriverStation::StartDataLog(DataLogManager::GetLog(), false);

Custom Data Logging using DataLog
---------------------------------

The ``DataLog`` class (`Java <https://first.wpi.edu/wpilib/allwpilib/docs/release/java/edu/wpi/util/datalog/DataLog.html>`__, `C++ <https://first.wpi.edu/wpilib/allwpilib/docs/release/cpp/classwpi_1_1log_1_1_data_log.html>`__) and its associated LogEntry classes (e.g. ``BooleanLogEntry``, ``DoubleLogEntry``, etc) provides low-level access for writing data logs.

> .. note: Unlike NetworkTables, there is no change checking performed.  **Every** call to a LogEntry.append() function will result in a record being written to the data log.  Checking for changes and only appending to the log when necessary is the responsibility of the caller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note: Unlike NetworkTables, there is no change checking performed.  **Every** call to a ``LogEntry.append()`` function will result in a record being written to the data log.  Checking for changes and only appending to the log when necessary is the responsibility of the caller.
```
